In this section we are going to deploy
our Laravel application to production.
We'll be using Heroku to share our app with the world.
So Heroku is a cloud platform service that supports
several different programming languages used for
web application development model.
Initially it's only supports Ruby programming language.
But now it support other programming languages
such as NodeJs, Java, PHP, Python, Go, Skala and clojure.
We can deploy our apps in Heroku for free with
some limitations.
For example Heroku will slip our application after
periods of inactivity and it will make our up a bit
slower.
So for professional purpose we need to upgrade to
paid plans. Now to be able to deploy our application
in Heroku
firstly we need to have Heroku account. If you don't have it
You can register by hitting this sign up button.
just fill in the form and then hit the create free account
button. After that you can go to your email and
verify your Heroku account.
Once your account verified you can
then set your account's password.
Secondly you need to have Heroku CLI installed
in your machine. If you don't have it
You can go to this link
or you can also googling Heroku CLI and hit this link.
in here you'll find the installer is available for Mac,
Windows and Ubuntu. So please download the installer
based on your operating system you have.
Once you've installed it you can verify your Heroku
CLI installation by opening your terminal
and write heroku
--version
and here you should see heroku and Node version in the output.
All right
the last thing that we need to do before we manage
our heroku apps is to log in to Heroku within this
terminal.
The way that we can do is by saying heroku login.
Now we need to enter our email and password
here I get a message that indicates I have successfully
logged in. All right now everything's set up we're
ready to deploy our Laravel application in Heroku.